wait1           normal
assert1         gold,fail
assign1         normal
wait2           gold,normal
arith1          normal
signal1         normal
attr1           normal
signal2         normal
signal3         normal
assign2         normal
assign3         normal
signal4         normal
wait3           normal
wait4           normal
wait5           normal
elab1           normal
image           gold,normal
cond1           gold,normal
counter         normal,stop=50ns,gold
cond2           gold,normal
vecorder        normal
elab2           normal
func1           normal
signal5         normal
while1          gold,normal
signal6         gold,normal
slice1          normal
logical1        normal
lfsr            normal,stop=510ns
link1           normal
for1            gold,normal
operator1       normal
fact            gold,normal
func2           normal
alias1          gold,normal
alias2          gold,normal
func3           normal
func4           normal
operator2       normal
array1          normal
agg1            normal
agg2            normal
case1           normal
func5           normal
ieee1           normal
ieee2           normal,stop=15ns
cond3           normal
concat1         normal
concat2         normal
null1           normal
agg3            normal
proc1           normal
alias3          normal
proc2           normal
operator3       normal
agg4            normal
ieee3           normal
default1        normal
generic1        normal
signal7         normal
synopsys1       normal
block1          normal
elab3           normal,gold
func6           normal
case2           normal
case3           normal
wait6           normal,gold
elab4           normal
elab5           normal
signal8         normal
ram1            normal
wait7           normal
const1          normal
driver1         normal
driver2         normal
delay1          normal
record1         normal
proc3           normal
access1         normal,gold
proc4           normal
file1           normal
real1           normal,gold
shared1         normal
proc5           normal
proc6           normal
assert2         normal,gold
concat3         normal
const2          normal
func7           normal
func8           normal
ieee4           normal
bounds1         gold,fail
bounds2         gold,fail
bounds3         gold,fail
bounds4         gold,fail
signal9         normal
bounds5         gold,fail
loop1           normal
record2         normal
access2         normal
func9           normal
record3         normal
issue8          normal
issue9          normal
record4         normal
record5         normal
const3          normal,gold
proc7           normal,gold
attr2           normal
func10          normal
attr3           normal,gold
proc8           normal,gold
wait8           normal
func11          normal
const4          normal
shift1          normal
wait9           normal
wait10          normal
attr4           normal
bounds6         gold,fail
elab6           normal
elab7           normal
bounds7         gold,fail
arith2          gold,fail
attr5           normal
attr6           normal
elab8           normal
arith3          normal
bounds8         gold,fail
bounds9         gold,fail
bounds10        gold,fail
access3         normal
access4         normal
textio1         normal,gold
proc9           normal
elab9           normal,gold
elab10          normal,gold
conv1           normal
elab11          normal
link2           normal
driver3         normal
elab12          normal
issue10         normal
elab13          normal,gold
delay2          normal
issue13         normal
attr7           normal
shift2          normal
case4           normal
signal10        normal
signal11        normal,gold
wait11          normal
bounds11        gold,fail
wait12          normal,gold
array2          normal
driver4         normal
comp1           normal
bitvec          normal
elab14          normal
operator4       normal
issue16         normal
elab15          normal
const5          normal
issue18         normal
elab16          normal
signal12        normal
const6          normal
func12          normal
agg5            normal
elab17          normal
null2           normal
func13          normal
proc10          normal
array3          normal
slice2          normal
attr8           normal
attr9           normal
bounds12        gold,fail
bounds13        gold,fail
access5         normal
record6         normal
agg6            normal
func14          normal
operator5       normal
alias4          normal
alias5          normal,gold
alias6          normal
alias7          normal
const7          normal
bounds14        gold,fail
bounds15        gold,fail
bounds16        gold,fail
bounds17        gold,fail
signal13        normal
elab18          normal
wait13          normal
shared2         normal
func15          normal
elab19          normal
concat4         normal
issue29         normal
assert3         normal,gold
alias8          normal
textio2         normal
elab20          normal
issue38         normal
stop1           normal,gold
stop2           normal,gold,2008
record7         normal
record8         normal
elab21          normal
record9         normal
record10        normal
real2           normal
issue45         normal,gold
for2            normal,gold
issue57         normal
attr10          normal
assert4         normal
issue56         normal
issue53         normal
issue59         normal
issue60         normal
record11        normal
issue63         normal
driver5         normal
textio3         normal
record12        normal
attr11          normal
implicit1       normal
implicit2       normal
file2           normal
case5           gold,fail
toplevel1       normal
vhpi1           gold,vhpi
vhpi2           normal,vhpi
issue69         normal
issue70         normal
elab22          normal
array4          normal
issue72         normal
protected1      normal,2000
protected2      normal,2000
slice3          normal
alias9          normal
issue79         normal
issue84         normal,2000
issue82         normal,opt
issue86         normal
issue94         normal
access6         gold,fail
issue90         normal
issue104        normal
proc11          normal
elab23          normal
issue91         normal,2000
issue109        normal
issue110        normal,gold
concat5         normal
issue111        normal
issue115        normal
issue116        normal
issue112        normal
cover1          cover,gold
issue121        normal
issue122        normal
issue95         normal
func16          normal
issue123        normal
issue126        normal
range1          normal,gold
slice4          normal
issue103        normal,gold
access7         normal
implicit3       normal
protected3      normal,2000
issue146        normal
issue148        normal
issue152        normal
issue83         normal,2008
issue153        normal
issue143        normal,2000
issue141        normal,2000
issue163        normal
issue169        normal
case6           normal
issue183        normal
issue185        normal,gold
toplevel2       normal,gI=2,gS=2
issue186        normal
issue194        normal
issue196        normal
issue201        normal,2000
issue200        normal
issue204        normal
issue206        normal
issue187        normal
func17          normal
elab24          normal
elab25          normal
logical2        normal
attr12          normal,gold
issue229        normal
issue217        normal
issue234        normal,gold
issue227        normal,gold
real3           normal,gold
for3            normal,gold
issue197        normal
issue225        normal,gold
issue262        normal
issue284        normal
jcore1          normal
jcore2          normal
assert5         normal
jcore3          normal
jcore4          normal
jcore5          normal
vhpi3           normal,vhpi
jcore6          normal
